Update spaceflights tutorial to take advantage of modular pipeline features (#1112)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/03_tutorial/04_create_pipelines.md

* How to create each [node](../13_resources/02_glossary.md#node) required by the example
* How to set up a [pipeline](../13_resources/02_glossary.md#pipeline)

## Data processing pipeline

You previously registered the raw datasets for your Kedro project, so you can now create nodes to pre-process two of the datasets, [companies.csv](https://github.com/quantumblacklabs/kedro-starters/blob/main/spaceflights/%7B%7B%20cookiecutter.repo_name%20%7D%7D/data/01_raw/companies.csv) and [shuttles.xlsx](https://github.com/quantumblacklabs/kedro-starters/blob/main/spaceflights/%7B%7B%20cookiecutter.repo_name%20%7D%7D/data/01_raw/shuttles.xlsx), to prepare the data for modelling.

### Generate a new pipeline template

In the terminal run the following command:

`kedro pipeline create data_processing`

This will generate all the files you need to start writing a Kedro pipeline. You can see below that there is a new `nodes.py` and `pipeline.py` under the `pipelines/data_processing` folder ready to use. This `kedro pipeline create` command is a convenience method designed to save you time, but of course you're welcome to create all the files manually!

> ```text

Author: Done

> ```text

Author: I can't get it to work - searching suggests we need an additional plugin
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35801847/150802004-cc96c5ce-58cd-4bb8-a93f-315754e368c6.png)

├── README.md
├── conf
│   └── base
│       └── parameters
│           └── data_processing.yml
└── src

>     ├── {{project_name}}

Author: ```suggestion
    ├── kedro_tutorial
```

```

Running Kedro-Viz at this point renders a very simple, but valid pipeline:

> 

Author: ```bash
kedro viz
```

![simple_pipeline](../meta/images/simple_pipeline.png)

### Persist pre-processed data

The nodes above each output a new dataset (`preprocessed_companies` and `preprocessed_shuttles`). When Kedro ran the pipeline, it determined that neither datasets had been registered in the data catalog (`conf/base/catalog.yml`). If a dataset is not registered, Kedro stores it in memory as a Python object using the [MemoryDataSet](/kedro.io.MemoryDataSet) class. Once all nodes depending on it have been executed, the `MemoryDataSet` is cleared and its memory released by the Python garbage collector.

You can persist the preprocessed data by adding the following to `conf/base/catalog.yml`.:

```yaml
preprocessed_companies:
  type: pandas.ParquetDataSet

>   filepath: data/02_intermediate/preprocessed_companies.csv

Author: ```suggestion
  filepath: data/02_intermediate/preprocessed_companies.pq
```

preprocessed_shuttles:
  type: pandas.ParquetDataSet

>   filepath: data/02_intermediate/preprocessed_shuttles.csv

Author: ```suggestion
  filepath: data/02_intermediate/preprocessed_shuttles.pq
```

```

The code above declares explicitly that [pandas.ParquetDataSet](/kedro.extras.datasets.pandas.ParquetDataSet) should be used instead of [`MemoryDataSet`](/kedro.io.MemoryDataSet).

The [Data Catalog](../13_resources/02_glossary.md#data-catalog) will take care of saving the datasets automatically (in this case as Parquet) to the path specified next time the pipeline is run. There is no need to change any code in your preprocessing functions to accommodate this change.

> [Apache Parquet](https://github.com/apache/parquet-format) is our recommended format for working with processed, typed data. In general we recommend you get your data out of CSV as soon as possible, Parquet supports things like compression, partitioning and types out of the box... as well simple things like blocking you from using the same column name twice. Whilst you do lose the ability to view the file as text - the benefits really outweigh the drawbacks.

Author: Updated

You can persist the preprocessed data by adding the following to `conf/base/catalog.yml`.:

```yaml
preprocessed_companies:
  type: pandas.ParquetDataSet
  filepath: data/02_intermediate/preprocessed_companies.pq

preprocessed_shuttles:
  type: pandas.ParquetDataSet
  filepath: data/02_intermediate/preprocessed_shuttles.pq
```

The code above declares explicitly that [pandas.ParquetDataSet](/kedro.extras.datasets.pandas.ParquetDataSet) should be used instead of [`MemoryDataSet`](/kedro.io.MemoryDataSet).

The [Data Catalog](../13_resources/02_glossary.md#data-catalog) will take care of saving the datasets automatically (in this case as Parquet) to the path specified next time the pipeline is run. There is no need to change any code in your preprocessing functions to accommodate this change.

> [Apache Parquet](https://github.com/apache/parquet-format) is our recommended format for working with processed, typed data. In general we recommend you get your data out of CSV as soon as possible, Parquet supports things like compression, partitioning and types out of the box. Whilst you do lose the ability to view the file as text it is our view that the benefits greatly outweigh the drawbacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Apache Parquet](https://github.com/apache/parquet-format) is our recommended format for working with processed, typed data. In general we recommend you get your data out of CSV as soon as possible, Parquet supports things like compression, partitioning and types out of the box. Whilst you do lose the ability to view the file as text in our opinion the benefits greatly outweigh the drawbacks.
```

from .nodes import create_model_input_table, preprocess_companies, preprocess_shuttles
```

### Using `kedro viz --autoreload` to see how Kedro brings the pipeline together

Run the following command:

```bash
kedro viz --autoreload
```

The gif below shows how commenting out the `create_model_input_table_node` in `pipeline.py` will trigger a re-render of the pipeline:

![autoreload](../meta/images/autoreload.gif)

> This is also a great time to highlight how Kedro's [topological sorting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Topological_sorting) works. The actual order of the `node()` calls in the `Pipeline` object is irrelevant, Kedro works out the execution graph via the inputs/outputs declared not the order provided by the user. This means you as a developer simply asks Kedro what data you want and it will derive the execution graph automatically.

### Persisting the model input table

If you want the model input table data to be saved to file rather than used in-memory, add an entry to `conf/base/catalog.yml`:

```yaml
model_input_table:
  type: pandas.ParquetDataSet

>   filepath: data/03_primary/model_input_table.csv

Author: ```suggestion
  filepath: data/03_primary/model_input_table.pq
```

from .nodes import create_model_input_table, preprocess_companies, preprocess_shuttles
```

> ### Using `kedro viz --autoreload` to see how Kedro brings the pipeline together

Author: Done!

2019-08-19 10:55:56,610 - kedro.io.data_catalog - INFO - Loading data from `preprocessed_shuttles` (ParquetDataSet)...
2019-08-19 10:55:56,715 - kedro.io.data_catalog - INFO - Loading data from `preprocessed_companies` (ParquetDataSet)...
2019-08-19 10:55:56,750 - kedro.io.data_catalog - INFO - Loading data from `reviews` (CSVDataSet)...
2019-08-19 10:55:56,812 - kedro.pipeline.node - INFO - Running node: create_model_input_table_node: create_model_input_table([preprocessed_companies,preprocessed_shuttles,reviews]) -> [model_input_table]
2019-08-19 10:55:58,679 - kedro.io.data_catalog - INFO - Saving data to `model_input_table` (ParquetDataSet)...
2019-08-19 10:56:09,991 - kedro.runner.sequential_runner - INFO - Completed 3 out of 3 tasks
2019-08-19 10:56:09,991 - kedro.runner.sequential_runner - INFO - Pipeline execution completed successfully.
```

### Using `kedro viz --autoreload` to see how Kedro brings the pipeline together

Run the following command:

```bash
kedro viz --autoreload
```

The gif below shows how commenting out the `create_model_input_table_node` in `pipeline.py` will trigger a re-render of the pipeline:

![autoreload](../meta/images/autoreload.gif)

> > This is also a great time to highlight how Kedro's [topological sorting](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Topological_sorting) works. The actual order of the `node()` calls in the `Pipeline` object is irrelevant, Kedro works out the execution graph via the inputs/outputs declared, not the order provided by the user. This means you as a developer simply ask Kedro what data you want and it will derive the execution graph automatically.

Author: Done

Versioning is enabled for `regressor`, which means that the pickled output of the `regressor` will be versioned and saved every time the pipeline is run. This allows us to keep the history of the models built using this pipeline. Further details can be found in the [Versioning](../05_data/02_kedro_io.md#versioning) section.

### Assemble the data science pipeline

To create a modular pipeline for the price prediction model, add the following to the top of `src/kedro_tutorial/pipelines/data_science/pipeline.py`:

> ```python

Reviewer 2: I know this isn't your change, but should't we just merge these two blocks so you can copy it all at once?

Author: Great point!

> ```

Reviewer 2: Again not your change, but the above step isn't required if the user just followed the tutorial and ran `kedro pipeline create data_science`, I'd suggest removing it as it's a bit confusing.

Author: I'm not sure what this is referring to - perhaps GH being weird. Do you remember?

Reviewer 2: It was the step about creating an `__init__.py` file "As with the data processing modular pipeline, you should ensure that the data science modular pipeline is a Python package. To do so, create the file src/kedro_tutorial/pipelines/data_science/__init__.py containing the following:"

Author: Done!
